if he would have said I love my son it's
my only surviving child from my first
marriage I honestly don't know many
Americans who would disagree with him
but that's not what he said Hunter's
laptop tells you the story you don't
have to be a journalist do you actually
support what Biden has done absolutely
100% wow guys oh my beeper is going off
jusy a oh this is a very bad like
reputation of female Comics people
already don't think are
funny I's millions of dollars for that
campaign I did not find out until after
she lost a 2.5 million was spent on
Oprah opportunistic grifters like Lindy
Lee who has posited herself as someone
who actually cares about American
democracy no one has to pay you it's all
about influencer them right now you're
changing our story don't change our
story that was fun is it like that every
night here it can be it can
be with a single flick of his
presidential wand Joe Biden protected
Hunter's son from ever facing federal
charges for any crimes he committed or
even may have committed over more than a
decade the sweeping in extraordinary
breadth of his magic trick has staggered
supporters and opponents alike even
casting a spell of Silence over the most
notable Defenders of the
indefensible I got nothing for you on
that can I follow up on that um are you
concerned with the lack of transparency
lack of honesty around as I said I got
nothing for you on that no
hardening anyone on the way out of
office family members set a president
thank you I've got nothing for you on
that but the question is they talked
about January 6 pars that this is a
playbook for incoming president Trump
isn't this a problem did he not
establish a bad precedent for partners I
got nothing for you on that any other
subjects never thought the day would
come and Chuck Schumer had nothing for
us nothing but what could he say this is
the problem for the Democrats there are
no other subjects right now that anyone
wants to talk about and there will be no
other subject when the outrage machine
sputters into life to ransack president
Trump's wave of Pardons in the new year
which is inevitable even Gavin new was
broken ranks telling Bilo that he took
Joe Biden at his word and cannot support
the decision in other words he trust him
trusted him got lied to and feels
betrayed it's a total subjugation of the
democratic moral High Ground a route
just a few wearied soldiers
wandering listlessly across a deserted
Battlefield I respect it as a parent I
understand why he would do it but I
wonder to understand why lie about it
for so
long stop I'd stop calling it a lie oh
whoopy it is a lie and Biden lied and
lied and lied himself and he told his
press secretary Karine jeanpierre to go
to the White House Press Room and lie to
the world's media again and again and
again this wasn't an accident it wasn't
something he suddenly thought of he'd
obviously always planned to do this but
Biden repeatedly and emphatically said
to the World on camera he would not
pardon Hunter his son he was the adult
in the room the last Bastion of
democracy and constitutional Norms the
staunchest defender of a justice system
that treated everybody as he said as
equals under the law and that nobody
would be above the law EX ex as it
turned out his own son Biden lied
because it's an election year and the
hypocrisy is inexcusable L of course you
are the poor aforementioned Karine
jeanpierre you have said repeatedly
yourself since the election the
president has said for months no pardon
was coming I I just I wanted to ask you
could those statements now be seen as
lies from the American people is there
really a credibility issue here given
now this announcement first of all one
of the things that the president always
believes is to be truthful to the
American people that is something that
he always truly believes um and if you
see the end of his I'm I I assume that
you've read uh his his statement and you
look at the end of that statement and he
actually says that in the first line in
the last
paragraph unbelievable here is that last
paragraph Biden said for my entire
career I followed a simple principle to
tell the American people the truth
here's the truth I believe in the
justice system
but as I have wrestled with this I also
believe raw politics has infected this
process and led to a miscarriage of
Justice there's no old shortcut in
journalism if you want to cut to the
actual truth don't believe anything
before the butt you can't simultaneously
have faith in the justice system and
believe that everyone is beholden to the
law but also believe is corrupted and
beholden to politics Joe Biden flew
7,000 miles away from this crisis of his
own making to give a speech in Angola
luckily it won't take him long to get
home I'm probably the most pro rail guy
in
America I've I've ridden over a, 300,000
miles on a daily basis to my work 21020
m a day for the last 50 years well I
didn't do it as president I stayed in
the White House a
lot you didn't travel 1.3 million miles
a day did you Joe Biden
it's embarrassing this is the leader of
the Free World still this is the
president of the United States as I
speak there's breaking news apparently
he's fallen asleep during a meeting with
African leaders in Angola the Telegraph
and Forbes both reporting he was visibly
dozing it's a fast but it's worse than
that because Joe Biden presented himself
as the opposite of Donald Trump who he
called a liar a hypocrite a shameful
opportunist we all remember what he
called Trump and then by pardoning his
son and making him Above the Law and
making him unaccountable to the law
Biden proved himself to be a liar a
hypocrite and a Shameless opportunist I
think I speak for both Democrats and
Republicans when I say that January the
20th can't come soon
enough we Dre me how to discuss all this
is the founder of the 1776 project pack
Ryan guski the streamer Destiny the
co-host of verdict with Ted Cruz Ben
Ferguson and host of the situation
podcast Franchesca fantini well welcome
to all of you Destiny let me start with
you um you got nothing or you taking the
Chuck Schumer
defense no I think if a pardon is going
to exist it's a presidential power I
think this is the perfect time to use
it really even when you've told the
world repeatedly I'm not going to do
that and that everyone should be behold
mistake I think the mistake if Biden
made a mistake it was to say that he
wasn't going to do it especially after
seeing the nomination of people like
cash Patel I think it is absolutely um
in in good Prudence to use it here
rather than allow Hunter Biden to be the
subject of infinite investigations for
the next four years of of of Trump's
presidency you mean how the Liberals put
Trump through all the criminal
investigations well no because Trump has
criminal immunity from the Supreme Court
and all of his federal court cases are
now dismissed and the case in New York
never had a sentencing and probably
won't get one so no they wouldn't be the
same thing you seem very flagma about
all this Destiny when inside you must be
hurting because what Joe Biden has done
with one flick of his pen is he has
taken away all the high moral ground
that the Democrats could have had
against Trump for the next four years
because Trump can now pardon who the
hell he likes he can pardon every
January the 6th protester and he can do
it in the sh knowledge that the moment
people like you go this is an outrage
how can you do this he goes you know
what at least they went to prison Hunter
Biden didn't do a day is the two two of
the easiest questions in the world
Pierce one if he doesn't Hunter if he
doesn't pardon Hunter do you think that
influences Trump's decisions at all on
who he pardons next that wasn't what I
said I said it removes it removes your
ability abely number
two demat gotten for the mor years let
me answer number one first in answer to
number one
huh in answer to number one my my point
to you was if he does and I'm sure he
will you on the left have absolutely no
way to now play the high moral ground
because your guy the president did it
even worse what is that what is the high
moral ground we're down to Supreme Court
pick um we lost the 2000 presidency to
another Supreme Court the president now
has infinite criminal immunity um what
like what what what is the moral High
Ground gotten the Democrats up to this
point there's no point in engaging in
Norms when only one side upholds the
norms and to say here you want to talk
about far to pretend that Donald Trump's
future pardon decisions are going to be
based on who Biden decides to Pardon is
hilariously stupid and if you want to
talk about pardons something that you
never will hear why not talk about some
of Trump's pardons how much time do we
give to the pardon of Bannon or stone
who is pardoned for crimes that were
literally covering up other crimes from
Donald Trump how many people care about
that nobody where's the accountability
for that nowhere the result of those
investigations they're all canel so I
don't want to hear anything about Hunter
Biden's part is a joke how many days in
prison did Stone and banon those guys
day I'm pretty sure didn't Stone get
clemency before he ever stepped foot in
prison yeah he was sentenced to 40
months in prison and then Trump day
before he got clemency also forget Stone
forget Stone not about how much time did
Stone spend in prison it's about Donald
Trump evading responsibility and
culpability because Stone didn't have to
testify about him he said it publicly he
said oh Donald Trump why would I squeal
on the president and then he didn't say
anything to Congress he told another
witness not to and then when he got
convicted of all those crimes Trump said
oh I'll pardon him so don't talk about
Hunter Biden's part is it's an absolute
joke but of course the reason that that
Joe Biden be bringing Ben Ferguson here
the reason that Joe Biden seems to have
started this wide ranging
all-encompassing free pass for hunter
from the year that he began at barisma
where he had no experience to be earning
a million dollars a year on the board of
an energy company in Ukraine when Joe
Biden was the vice president literally
put in charge of American Ukraine
relationships um is that it may well
cover other crimes that that may have
been committed in relation to that which
might have led to the big guy as people
have reported who might end up being Joe
Biden so in a way you know he's
providing a blanket immunity which I
know Destiny's very upset about immunity
um to the Biden family here yeah look I
think Hunter Biden's pardon was much
more than just Hunter Biden uh forget
the corruption of Hunter Biden for a
second I think this is the pretext and
I'm going to make a prediction here to a
mass amount of Pardons that are about to
be coming down from this White House in
the closing days of this administration
because they put together a list of
people they believe have probably broken
laws they put it out there in the media
over the last 24 hours and they're
justifying his brother and anybody that
took money with the Biden last name
anybody that was corrupt at the FBI
anybody that was going after Donald
Trump the list and they're trying to say
that it's somehow Donald Trump's enemies
list so therefore we are Justified and
handing out pardons to everyone that was
involved in the Biden crime family or
abusing their power to go after Donald
Trump and so I don't really care that
much about Hunter Biden's paron of
course this was always going to happen
this is a man that abused his and
exploited his own son's addiction to
make the Biden family more money they
didn't give a crap about Hunter Biden
they knew they were funneling money to a
drug addict and they knew that could
cost him his life they didn't care
because they wanted the money to keep
coming into the Biden crime family I
actually feel sorry for Hunter Biden I
feel sorry sorry for a guy that has a
father and family members that say we've
got an alibi he's a drug addict we'll
say that's the excuse for the crimes
that we're committing and the money
laundering that we're doing and all the
bank accounts and all the money coming
in from Romania and Ukraine and and
coming in from China and from Russian
oligarchs and they said this is how we
get away with it we'll sell out America
the highest bidder to the most corrupt
people in the world and we'll get away
with it by saying oh he was a drug
addict he didn't know what he was doing
that is abuse of a child it's really sad
okay Franchesca um you've been grimacing
there but are you grimacing because in
your heart you know that Joe Biden has
done a massive disservice to everybody
on the left here with an act of utter
selfishness oh I'm grimacing just
because I was imagining uh Ben Ferguson
and Ted Cruz putting out a joint holiday
card and I was wondering if they wear
matching pajamas when they do that do
you guys do that Ben I I I don't
understand exactly what deal the idea
that you have a you have a present that
abused his power and exploited his son's
drug addiction put his leg to make money
you're talking about Christmas card oh I
smil I mean was asking me while I why I
was smiling but in my heart of hearts
Piers oh man I wish I could give you
just the tiniest little violin so you
could strum it there in your studio
talking about the death of democracy you
know why Biden pardoned his son it was
to troll you it was to troll everybody
and you know why he didn't he he said he
wasn't going and then he did because he
doesn't remember he sold out America
the what he did what he did was he troll
he trolled his own sight because you all
queued up
to he was the good God he's not going to
be president in all the debates we've
had this year he was the good guy Trump
was the liar Trump was the hypocrite
Trump was the Shameless guy Trump was
the nepotism guy and then in one
moment Biden proved actually he's just
as bad he's exactly the same and he he
will weap how is that comparable how
that comparable to banon or stone sorry
and the idea that he's that he is using
the idea of the justice system being
weaponized against his family is
laughable given that bid God not be has
help direct the weaponization of the
justice system against Trump for you
have no proof of that do we just lie
here is this just is this just a show
where we just tell lies
where is the where Joe Biden directed
The doj to do anything where is that
well you think the entire weaponization
of the American justice system against
Trump in the last year Biden had no
involvement
whatsoever do you have proof of that uh
I don't need proof of it it's obvious I
don't okay so hold on so it's so obious
wait wait wait so to be clear it's so
obvious that this doj is being
politicizing used by by Joe Biden the
same doj that went after his
son he the that apped
a had classified docents what are we
even talking do we even know how the
government works in this country what
are we talking about right now all right
let bring gave him a sweetheart deal
wait Piers we got to go back to the fact
that the only reason why he was actually
prosecuted was because he was given such
a ridiculous sweetheart deal that a
judge actually stood up and said this is
abuse of power I'm not going to accept
it from Biden's Department of Justice
saying this is UN this is is something
I've never seen before it is unprecedent
no I'm not going to allow a deal for
Hunter Biden that is this sweet no I'm
stopping it and he stood up to the
Department of Justice under Joe Biden
who basically said we can do whatever
the hell we want we can sell out as much
as we want to to the worst actors in the
world including Russian oligarchs who
are best friends with Vladimir Putin
that gave millions of dollars the Biden
crime family and then funneled it
through shell companies with 150 plus
suspicious activ rep that were reported
from americs convicted I'm not talking
about Roger Stone I'm talking about
States
America the okay let's not talk over
each other don't talk over each other
let me ask Franchesca Franchesca be
honest with yourself though when you
heard that Biden had done this didn't
your heart
sink why you keep talking about my heart
I don't I
don't I'm I'm all hard myself again
again I'm thinking about Christmas cards
here no but Ben Ben is keeps talking
about Russian oligarchs do we know why
Roger Stone and Paul maniford hang can
you ask my question convicted hang sorry
look I want to take this back the
oldfashioned way we have a panel I'm the
moderator I ask question right hang on
fesca why are you ducking my question
just be honest sorry I'm sorry what are
you saying what's in my heart my heart
is he did it to your heart when you
heard he done it because you knew in
that moment all the high moral ground
the left have had all year with trump it
disappears
absolutely not really and if you agree
no no that's my answer per even when he
lied repeatedly that he wouldn't do it
even when Kar jeanpierre repeatedly lied
that he wouldn't do it no even when she
dismissively arrogantly no put back the
Fox News
guys
dare no you see but here's my problem
Franchesca here's my problem why are you
interrupting me Pierce you're just you
you asked me a question I said no then
you have a problem with my answer let me
explain why no instead of keep
interrupting you
okay okay the reason is is that Hunter
Biden has never done anything to me
right meanwhile Steve Bannon defrauded
the American people while fundraising
Ben Ben Ben Ben is it PJs or is it
holiday sweaters you tell me
uh your fantasy card man
Paul manfor lied to the FBI Roger Stone
also lied to the FBI about being a back
talk about Jo bid but tweet here's
Morgan let me finish answer my question
or I'll move on you won she won't answer
the question she doesn't know how to can
can both all you can do is talk
aboutone I swear to God I swear to god
dude like being on this program with
best boy and with dingleberry over here
on the Trump Administration that's you
Piers you've reached your final form
just a little one of the little
dingleberries in Trump's diaper you're
right there you're and it's so sad for
you peers because now that Trump won
reelection he's definitely never going
to do your program and that sucks so
hard like doesn't that make you so sad
you know what makes laugh people like
you Franchesca is you're not even gonna
get invited to Mara Lago Franchesca
actually I was yesterday um it doesn't
matter um and I will get an interview
with Trump probably at the White House
and when I do I'll invite you you can
come and meet him
no thanks M no you want to do that uh
let me bring in uh um Ryan here look
Ryan yeah it seems to
me that the Democrats liberals generally
have gone into a weird kind of
collective anaphylactic shock which has
now been massively exacerbated by what
Biden's done because the truth is the
truth is they cannot handle the fact
that this guy they spent all year
calling a fascist a Nazi the new hit
the biggest bigot in the world blah blah
blah has won literally across the board
everything it sent them all suddenly
nuts and people like me who basically in
the middle I'm a I'm a kind of Centrist
slightly liberal guy right I'm not a
trump dingleberry I've just warned the
Liberals for years this was going to
happen and now it's happened they want
to blame me and I'm like I did try and
tell
you right I mean if you look at the
Trump Victory overall there's ex you
know a wide range of why he lost from wo
culture to racism misogyny I mean it
runs the gamut but what's really
interesting about this um this pardon is
what Biden is saying in the pardon
versus what Democrats who are supporting
Biden and protecting Biden or making
excuses for him are two entirely
different things Biden is saying that
what Trump has said for years is true
that there is politic politization
inside the justice department and that
is a damning account because
politization the justice department was
completely a partisan issue democrats
for 4 years said it wasn't happening
Republicans said it was happening and
here's the Democratic president saying
no it happened but it happened against
my son I I think that the scope I I
don't I don't listen if he would have
said I love my son it's my only
surviving child for my first marriage I
honestly don't know many Americans who
would disagree with him I I would feel
sympathy for it but that's not what he
said and the scope and the length into
which he has given this pardon 11 years
for almost for actually for everything
it is a full pardon for anything it
draws the question what else was he
doing there was $24 million from foreign
foreign countries including adversaries
through 20 shell companies there's
probably more there was the issues of
Hunter receiving millions of dollars in
free legal services um in in
representation there were probably
appointments and where does it end okay
Destiny here's the problem I'm just
curious I don't because I don't know all
the time do the people who cover
politics are these like actual news
people like what is the background here
on this show your when you got when you
have people talking about the Democrat
just go look at his laptop he gave you
all the info Hunter's laptop tells you
the story you don't have to be a
journalist where the
chares they've been investigating Hunter
Biden for four years where the charges I
thought we were gonna get impeachment
charges from from Jim Jordan where are
the charges for Hunter Biden it's a
great question I can answer that
because made sure that the statue of
limit
on the worst crimes that dealt with the
tax issues were outside the statute
limitations so if you go talk to a
lawyer they'll explain what that means
to you but the
doj investigation no you as the question
you ask the question you said where the
journalist
just violations telling the far
violations illegally acting
forister don't talk over each other
please I'm going to finish it again he
never register as a foreign agent and
the statute of limitations that ran out
on that for what was going on he never
dealt with the tax issues and didn't
have to because we know deliberately
that they purposely slow played to make
sure the worst crimes were going and the
doj did this the timeline is clear they
would expire so they couldn't charge him
with those crimes the reality is the
reason why the Biden administrations now
having to go back and say who else needs
a damn pardon is because there was
people using their power to make sure
that the only two crimes that they
charged Hunter Biden with could not be
connected to the big guy the gun charge
didn't connect the big guy to any actual
crime and that's a fact and the tax
charges where they did charge him dealt
outside of any of the money coming in
from the money laundering so the
Department of Justice ran interference
and said we'll make sure we investigate
this oh crap the statute limitations ran
out even if we wanted to charge him we
couldn't charge him with the crimes and
that's why the White House is saying
holy crap who the hell needs another
pardon here it's that simple and go read
the laptop easy question for you then
easy question for you then right so the
reason why mulu was appointed was
because an actual obstruction of justice
was Donald Trump firing Comey to try to
stop the investigation into his illegal
you have the right to who you want to
when you
become what was the equivalent action on
the White House and their influence on
the doj give me the equivalent action
where where is the uh the intrusion of
Biden into the doj all right I'll answer
the question simply if you understand
presidential Powers you would understand
that you serve at the pleasure of the
president and the president had the
right to fire James Comey whenever he
wanted to and he should have done it day
one but he went against his advisers
when he did that James Comey by the way
laughed on TV about sending in FBI
agents because the Trump Administration
was too trusting too new and too green
to Washington to go after General Flynn
to try to get dirt on Donald Trump he
laughed about it on stage
Li to
thebi the doj there is no equivalent to
that on the Biden White House which is
why what you just said was a bunch of
nonsense then why are they talking about
getting par so many
people me this question hang hang on
hang on hang this question then hang on
hang on hang on Destiny you say that the
Biden Administration has done nothing to
meddle with the doj he has literally
pardoned his son who's been convicted of
criminal offenses that is why did you
just say bigo what do you think a pardon
is how is a pardon meddling in the doj
you don't think he's meddling with
Justice because the doj and the judge
even said yesterday that this was the
most despicable abuse of power go listen
to what the judge said he's not a
conservative judge who wrote A scathing
rebuke of the Biden administration's
abuse of power after there had been a
conviction for his son go read what the
judge wrote and you might understand a
bad does a pardon happen if not after a
conviction what do you think a pardon is
for is every single pardon my
point please please let me say this if
it's this is the part where you need to
listen to what you're saying no listen
listen to what you're saying you just
said that you only give a pardon when
someone's been convicted if that was
true they wouldn't have just given a
10year absolute pardon to Hunter Biden
for a bunch of crimes he committed in
case he is actually investigated for the
damn crime the whole point the whole
point of issuing that part is to is to
make it so that you guys can't spend the
next four years playing Hillary's emails
with hun that's the whole point do like
you tried with Hillary like you tried
with Benghazi and failed over and over
and over again with all these
investigation you like you've done now
with Hunter
Bidar and
Bill hang Desy Desy to be clear the
house bring in charges bid and nothing
but here you are Cal same lies about the
Biden crime family Li hang on please let
me can I get involved here Destiny I a
question for you which is Gavin yusep
who was one of the most vocal supporters
of Biden even when everyone else was
chucking him under a bus even he has
come out and said he cannot support this
decision do you actually support what
Biden has done do do you support
absolutely 100% wow so actually in the
end you do support lying democracy and
sh sh lessness and obstructing justice
you you support all those
things
no trillion what Donald Trump it's not
even close if Trump done this Trump had
done this to Donald Trump J you just
said the complete
opposite let me in Donald Trump's
Administration after they tried after
the the traitors okay over here that
support Donald Trump tried to overthrow
the government on on in 2020 after they
tried to overthrow the government and
failed people like East and Giuliani
were asking to be on the pardon list
okay people were involved in the j6
attack and guess what when he does Pier
you're going to have a 20-minute segment
on it and you're going to move on to see
if you can dig up something else about
Biden or or Harr think it's sad because
you guys are all just
jealous hang hang on hang on hang on
Franchesca sorry what was
that I was just saying I mean you know
the only crime I guess in Ben's eyes
that Hunter Biden really committed was
showing just how well endowed the Biden
family is and I can see from Ben's
perspective how that you know might feel
um like you know a crime against
defending a man that Abused women like
as a woman you should at least
understand that there were women that
were abused sexually I don't think so I
would
say women when you're trafficking women
and getting them addicted to drugs yeah
that's a women if you want to say that's
good that's on
you uh look here's the difference
between the pardons between Trump and
Joe Biden right number one Joe does this
to troll y'all and so you have something
to talk about but number two the people
that Donald Trump pardoned um not only
included everyone who allowed and helped
him to back Channel with the Russian
government in the 2016 campaign like
Paul manfor like Roger Stone we back to
russan they didn't even get in trouble
are we really back to Russia collusion
one of the
great we're back to Russia collusion
which was one of J kushner's Father
Charles Kushner Charles Kushner is now
uh going to be the ambassador to France
he also he also pardoned the uh the
Blackwater um um employees who murdered
14 unarmed Iraqi civilians uh that we
know about thanks to Chelsea Manning
whistleblowing right and to WikiLeaks he
pardoned those monsters um he's pardoned
a lot of people and so those people
arguably have had more impact on
Hunter bid and his laptop and $1.4
million in tax evasion peers you know
you do that like on a Tuesday come on uh
wait hang on guys oh sh my beeper is
going
off jusy is a oh juski I think
this is for you this like a comic this
is a very bad like reputation of female
Comics who people already don't think
are funny I don't know I think the
problem right now except I just own your
ass but I'm you look really cute your
you didn't you made a very lame joke
that was like 3 weeks old
congratulations you're very funny um I
thought sorry Destiny Okay will the will
the will the two Mega people here were
you guys defend When Donald Trump
pardons the January 6th riters or
anybody that was convicted in in
connection to the January 6th stuff if
he goes for the seditious conspiracy
people will you defend that pardon Ry I
I I've said this before let me bring let
me bring R hang on hang on hang on let
me bring Ryan in on that
one I think with the January 6 you're
talking about several hundred if not
several thousand people um and I think
the question is is I don't think that he
should pardon anyone who did something
violent I don't think that attack but I
do think that when you look at the
sentencing in how some January 6 people
have been treated is remarkable
considering some people have solitary
confinement from months on end people
are treated much worse doing a January
6th of than and a than you know a
murderer so I do think that depending on
what they are accused of and what they
have been tried on I think a pardon is
could could be warranted I don't think
that anyone who violently attacks
somebody should be pardoned though so if
they so if they go to pardon the people
convicted of seditious conspiracy that
weren't involved in direct violent
activity you would support those
pardons um I'd have to see the
individual case I don't really know
particularly it's not my
beat you don't know about seditious
conspiracy charges some of the first in
decade it's
unbelievable said i' have to I just have
to look at them Hunter bid
pardon I have no idea you deci tell you
what let let Ben answer Destiny's
question yeah I I I'll go back to this
if you look at each and every case and
you look at how they were throwing the
book at everybody there are different
people that did different things if you
attacked a police officer you deserve to
be in jail for that if you're an 87y old
grandmother that was walking around
outside the capital and they hunted him
down and put him in jail and they didn't
do anything violent you do not deserve
to be in jail for that even if you're
charged with the words seditious and any
of the complaints there are different
cases and different people and there was
clear abuse of power where they walked
in they said anyone that we got that day
or anyone we have on video even if they
were nonviolent even if they weren't
doing anything even if police officers
let them into the capital on video they
overcharge them and there are many
people that deserve to be pardoned if
you attacked a police officer if you
broke through a door if you were doing
things like that you absolutely deserve
to be in jail for that and it goes back
to an idea you look at each case
individually and you decide based on
each case individually before you do a
pardon that's what I'm in favor of it's
not insane to say I would want to look
at each case to see what they actually
did compared to what the government lied
and said they did there's a big
difference okay okay hang on hang hang
on please I'm going to bring in Lindy
Lee is it on your beeper is it on your
beeper you're going to say hang on hang
on read your beeper again hang on I'm
going to bring in Lindy Lee I'm bring in
Lindy Lee a member of the DNC finance
committee who's been highly critical of
the Harris campaign Lindy good to see
you again um thank you so much yeah
where are the Democrats Lindy I mean
after the Joe Biden pardon this is
probably the last thing Democrats would
have wanted on God's
Earth I'm gonna have to agree with you
this is 11 years the the pardon covered
11 years it was sprawling and I think
you know the next one we should watch
for is possibly him pardoning James
Biden because 11 years not only covered
you know his presidency but also his VP
time and also Hunter's time during
barisma and it's just so incredibly
ironic and I'm speaking as a Democrat
that even Democrats and members of the
intelligence Community said that laptop
was just a madeup story now with in one
fell sup Biden basically proved his
haters right that there was something in
that laptop and I hate to say it but
it's just true this is just a black eye
to his by the way and by the way on the
laptop let's not forget the New York
Post had the laptop scoop and liberal
control big Tech at the time including
Twitter Facebook and others they
suppressed that story from being
published in fact in fact hang on hang
on hang on in fact the New York Post
because I write columns for the New York
Post for two weeks before that election
that's they were their whole Twitter
account was suspended because they
refused to take down a legitimate true
story as it turned out that is an
appalling attack on Free Speech an abuse
of the First Amendment and actually it
could have swung the election who knows
if that laptop Story come out and been
properly forensically examined by the
media he could have TI the election
Trump's way 40,000 votes 40,000 votes in
the decided that hang on I'm still with
Lindy I'm still with Lindy Franchesco
wait one moment pleas
buz for a moment thank you Lindy here's
my point is that it's not just about
Hunter Biden being dragged into
something the laptop contained evidence
of crimes and it was suppressed from the
media uh in that two we period before
that election and that is a much bigger
picture than whether Hunter Biden got
pulled into
politics right and I think this is not
just an act of love it wasn't just a
father's compassion it was almost
perhaps even an act of self-preservation
because we don't know what happened in
those 11 years it's covered everything
from 2014 to December 1st 2024 so this
whole thing is gigantic and I think in
the next couple weeks we're going to see
more pardons coming out I think this is
really just the tip of the iceberg my
guess would be that he might even pardon
people who were involved in Hunter's
business who knows I'm
guessing all right let's bring in
Franchesca if she putz
down years where are the
charges there are
none they started the investigation
eight years ago they had the laptop what
do you mean statute of
limitations you go back to when
the Biden sat on a call and he said I'm
here with my father you know we expect
you to follow through he basically shook
down a Chinese
business and time again ask you a
question do you care any here
media institution like CBS said that 10%
to the big guy big guy can't be anybody
but Joe Biden and I hate saying this I
didn't know CBS was part of
the Cs bring charges we lose all
credibility if we do not
acknowledge
am you
lost happened to you dude who are you I
don't even know Lindy Lee's out here
she's been like the face of the
resistance for so long and now she's
coming on these programs making this
right word turn it's pretty disgusting
you got millions of followers she's
absolutely doing that I don't even know
hang don't shout please don't all shout
franches fres have your say you don't
even believe what you're saying hang on
don't
talk out no one can hear you when you
all shout over each other can hear you
care I don't even can hear you so
embarassed no one can hear you first
time I've ever when you all talk at the
same time
I know because I myself
Democratic and now you're because your
side yes that's exactly what you're
doing that's exactly what you're doing
but that doesn't mean that I'm just
gonna go on national TV and who's been
kind to you oh nobody's asking oh is
that what you've been doing is lying for
Biden is that what you're saying well I
just said that I'm not I refuse to do
that I'm here Pur Morgan invited me I'm
here to tell him the truth I ow that I
owe that to him to his viewers I'm not
anybody embarass bad idea this
is when you all talk over each other
nobody can hear
you please have a momentet
influencers here panel just to be
clear be quiet all of you when you all
talk nobody at home watching can hear a
damn word any of you are saying so you
can keep doing it and I'll just end the
whole thing because it's pointless now
Franchesca if you've got allegations to
make about Lindy make them now and then
Lindy you respond let's do it the
oldfashioned way where people can
actually hear a damn thing you're saying
Franchesca okay quickly and I mean no
disrespect I just feel uh that it is so
funny that the Democratic party has also
surrounded itself like the Republican
party with honestly opportunistic
grifters like Lindy Lee who has posited
herself as someone who actually cares
about American democracy you know a
spotlighting the threats that Trump has
posed and will continue to pose to the
American people and now that the Harris
campaign lost which I think was
definitely their election to lose um
given uh just how much Trump was like
not even trying and he didn't win by the
popular vote by he won by less than 50%
Harris dropped the ball Lindy Lee was
all in on the campaign and now she's
pivoting cuz she's like you know what I
want to go to The Winning Side and now
the hunter Biden laptop story is a thing
you're that's just so Craven and so
pathetic and I'm someone who has not
received a single dollar from the
Democratic party or any
any to talk about My Views neither have
I money off now I will
lete will let Lindy respond hang on Lind
hang on Lind hang on Lindy I will now
let you
respond tell me one person who's paid
me I don't know girl I don't you tell me
who you're just making up you're
just making up are we allowed to
curse on here yeah I am I don't need
anybody's money no one has paid me
you're just making like just this is
like liist it's defamation no one has
obviously you you go no one has to pay
you it's all about influencer them right
it's now you're changing your story
don't change your story just a minute
ago said I was a I was getting
who you are
respectfully you to am why are you
changing
your is
heale is Governor Jared polus also a
grifter for saying that the pardon was a
bad idea because Joe Biden repeatedly
lied if you're gonna pardon your son
fine fine there are arguments in favor
of that but why did you have to lie
repeatedly and say that you weren't he
lied after and in terms of is just
a on talking over people again and again
isal in terms of the Harris campaign I
raised Millions T I raised millions of
dollars for that campaign I donated
buildings in a church the campaign I did
not find out until after she lost that
Millions were spent on for example 2.5
million was spent on Oprah half a
billion dollars went to just four
well-connected Democratic firms
including I mean welcome to the
political revolution girl the Democratic
party won't I don't know what's going on
with you but can you please let somebody
finish thank you so much please finish
and
ALS and millions of dollars to
celebrities it's in millions of dollars
of private planes and also five-star
hotels for campaign staffers I have
donors who donated anywhere from 10 to
$25 of their hard-earned money to a
million dollars they are fuming and we
had no idea this was going on the
campaign during the campaign said that
we were going to win three to four
Battleground states that was what we
expecting General Mali Dylan went around
the world telling people that we were
definitely going to win the campaign but
they knew all along now we know they
knew all along that kamla Harris was
losing she was behind Trump the entire
time but when she was with us donors
when they were whining and dining us
they told us a completely different
story they were clearly lying let me
bring in Destiny about something else
let's talk about Trump's cabinet picks
and the two are the most contentious
Pete heith uh in defense obviously and
cash Patel to the FBI um do you believe
that those nominations should be
approved uh the I know more about Patel
um the the other Fox News flunky is a
loser as well I mean I country with
great Valor he's not a loser is he
that's that's that's great I can think
of a lot of losers that have served
their country with the great Valor Trump
has a lot of them losers I don't even
know why you would think just because
somebody's a veteran doesn't mean that
they're not a horrible fit for a
particular job I I don't know I don't
know that's what we were doing here um
the the Patel guy is is insane he he he
wrote a story book for children about
how Donald Trump was the king and evil
people were coming towards him with like
false claims of of corruption he it's
just the most insane stuff I've ever
seen in my entire life but I mean it's
on par for Donald Trump so I mean if it
wasn't these guys it would be somebody
else insane or crazy it'd be another uh
person under I guess an Ethics complaint
for I guess you know going after miners
like Gates or it would be some other
insane person so I mean what you what
are you supposed to say yeah the
Republicans have no standards they are
aoral they they have no care for how any
of these deps are ran understanding 30
seconds ago wow let me bring in Ben
Ferguson to respond yeah I I I love how
they're like upset over a guy that
actually served his country who has
stood up for veterans and made sure that
veterans dealing with PTSD get what they
need and have a government that actually
listens to them and doesn't treat them
like an old car they throw out back but
you're but but 30 seconds too after you
mock him you're acting like Hunter
Biden's a great guy like it's pretty
darn Rich here's what I'll say about
these two individuals cash Patel is a
guy that was being investigated by the
federal government when they were going
after him trying to connect him to a
fake Russia gate issue and the only
reason why I knew that there was abuse
of power happening at the doj and the
FBI is because he was told by Google
five years later no one else told him
that hey by the way they were trying to
get dirt on you and they looked at
everything you'd ever done online that
is an abuse of power I love the guy
going in there to stop that type of
abuse of power I think he's going to be
confirmed based on the centers I've
talked to they look at what his life
work is they like him as for as for Pete
I think Pete's a guy that understands
that it's not a good idea just to go to
war and not realize what happens to the
people you send afterwards he's been an
incredible advocate for mental health
issues with men and women in the
military and he's made it clear after
going to Iraq and Afghanistan and to
gitmo serving his country and getting
significant awards for battle that hey
you come back a different person and we
need to take care of our men and women
military but most importantly we don't
need to send them into endless Wars
Andor Wars that don't make any sense
that have nothing actually to do with
America I thought Democrats would be in
favor of that mindset I'm in favor of
that mindset and if that makes him a bad
guy I'm totally fine with saying
I will have a guy like that running the
doj dod that's perfect for me okay uh
Ben Ben is there Ben is it is there a
single criticism you have for Donald
Trump on the way that he's engaged with
say the Department of
Justice with the people he's picking
now I didn't like Matt Gates I didn't
defend Matt Gates if that's what you're
asking I thought Matt Gates was a bad
pick way heag with his Department of
Justice in the past when he was
president do you have a single criticism
for how he did any of that I think he
should have I think he should have fired
James Comey day one and I think he
should have fired the Bad actors in the
Deep state that were working against him
from 16 through 20 trying to go after
people like General Flynn and bait them
at the White House thinking they're
serving their country having a
conversation with the FBI and he goes on
stage and laughs about it basically
saying I'm trying to set someone up so I
can use them against the sitting
president United States of America that
you're supposed to actually be serving
because you don't like him politically
yes I will criticize Donald Trump for
not firing him day one okay was Bill bar
was he part of the de was Bill bar part
of the deep state I'm not a bill bar fan
like I I haven't been for a long time I
think Bill bar I think Bill bar is an
let me let me answer the question you
ask the question I think Bill bar did
not serve the president well and I think
Bill bar cared more about what people
let me finish you asked a question I'm
answering it I think Bill Bar Washington
well I am answering it you just said do
do I think Bill bar you asked me a
question I'm answering it you don't like
my answer that's okay but let me finish
it bill had a major problem when B when
Bill bar was there he cared more about
serving the people inside of Washington
than the American people or the
president of the United States of
America it's that simple your job is to
serve the president talking right now he
talking to me I'm talking to you I'm
sorry that you can't figure that out
hold I I don't know if your maybe your
ear piece is not working was biller
maybe you guys have General of the
United States of America of of the
Department of Justice was Bill bar part
of the deep state
I think I I just said it a second ago
you're you're such a loser loser listen
Okay name calling is like third grade
and I understand that's what you're
doing I'm answering the question and I'm
sorry it's about your intellect let me
question let me answer the question
Piers is the Deep state Washington DC is
the Deep state Washington DC yes and I
just said and I'm sorry that your
intellectual ability doesn't get you to
this level but I said Bill bar cared
more about what people Washington DC
which is the Deep State thought of him
the American people or serving the
president I just said it again I even
translate it for you I'm sorry you can't
play at this Lev not my fault simple
question clearly you did you clearly
needed a
translation agree with Ben can I just
say that I do think that Pete hegi
actually is a good choice to oversee the
US military I think they have a lot in
common like just like the US military um
Pete heith doesn't practice consent you
know when raping and pillaging other
people and I think the US military does
the same thing they ra and just made you
just
made just made an
outrageously at at operating budgets he
was able to tank the deserve to be us
Oran and as someone who doesn't want to
see more Wars abroad if he can tank the
Pentagon budget disgusting to say that
about someone you about disgusting is
drugging you just go on TV you have no
accountability for calling someone a
rapist her husband and her uh child in
the same hotel room she wakes
up I hope
they want to play the next LEL Get Ready
Get
Su number one Le shut up Ben welcome to
the big leagues read the big leagues is
when you actually talk facts and you
don't slander people on TV for goodness
sakes God you're a terrible person you
really are you feel look look look best
boy you just accuse somebody of
rap you're a disgusting human being go
back into Hunter for one
second of rape is more disgusting Than
Rap obvious seriously def it'll be up to
Pete he wants to take any action over it
there's obviously no evidence rap rape
is more is worse he's not been convicted
of raping anybody he never been accused
ofap you call him a rapist you are
defaming him
I will pleas
please I want to be there to tell you
what every time I'm innocent I always
have them sign an NDA right so you think
everyone who signs an NDA is guil person
everyone who signs an NDA is guilty of
the crime are
they not the person who signs it but
making someone sign an NDA it's kind of
a giveaway actually no it's not that's
simply not true in law you don't
understand law so if you did you'd
understand that's not the cas doesn't
understand a l there are n signed every
day every hour of every day all over
America with no admission of any guilt
whatsoever no suggest a really good
choice because honestly it's not
actually rape or War if you were drunk
the whole time so when we invade Iran he
drunk time massive Grand Canyon siiz
hole and you may live to regret it
anyway I've got to leave it there thank
you all very much to my panel it was
incredibly enjoyable he says lying um
let me bring in the former Chief of
Staff to president Donald Trump MC
mulany who's in London welcome that was
that was fun is it like that every night
here it can be it can be when you get
the uh the more vuan like members I'm
gonna I'm gonna take that clip and when
people ask me why Washington is broken I
have an answer for that which is
Washington isn't broken it just reflects
the country right and I'll play the last
20 minutes and say this these are not
elected officials these are just
ordinary citizens that is the country I
live in right now it is there's a lot of
screaming yeah a lot of people
implacably opposed to the other side not
prepared to give an inch facts don't
really matter all the time and a little
heat what's the answer to that uh doing
better uh I do worry about the Next
Generation I've had I teach a lot of
students I deal with young people and I
am very very disturbed by their
inability to change their mind if they
get new information uh and that I think
is a very dangerous place to be if they
how are those those and I don't know any
of those Folks by the way that you just
had on there but how are they going to
be when they're the leaders of the
country 10 and 15 and 20 years now how
are they going to solve Social Security
in my country how they going to deal
with the debt how are they going to deal
with Russia and China and Taiwan if they
can't even have a conversation you were
obviously very closely with Trump you a
little bit cheaper staff I wrote a
column for the New York Post this week
after talking to him last week he ran me
for a chat I've known him a long time
and I said I I really do feel he's a
slightly changed man I don't think he's
lost the the pugilistic streak I don't
think he's lost the trash talking or any
of the things which make him a unique uh
and divisive character I just felt that
two things have changed him one one was
surviving being shot and I spoke to him
the week after and a few times since I
really thought that had a profound
effect on him and secondly winning such
a big
mandate uh I think in his eyes proving
his point about the 2020 election which
he says he has always said he won he
believes he's now been proven you see I
told you I don't agree with him but he
does but secondly he's got such a
mandate now he's got everything that he
could have possibly wanted and the
people that voted for him came from the
White Community the black community
Latino right across the board and in in
a way the opposition to Trump is so
different to what it was in 2016 where
hundreds of thousands were marching and
it was really febal the atmosphere
there's an acceptance from the left now
well what what can we say and then when
you have Biden pardoning Hunter all the
high moral ground you were probably
looking forward to having against Trump
in the next few years about lying or
hypocrisy or shamelessness or nepotism
gone out the window not even that just
the politicization of the department of
Justice keep in mind if Biden come out
and said look my son was an addict he
did it he's guilty I get I can't stand
to see my son go to prison I think every
parent can understand I have the ability
to Pardon him I'm going to do it I've
changed my mind I don't think anybody
would be able to criticize him for that
but what he said was I'm doing this
because he was targeted by a politicized
Department of Justice and that plays
right into Donald Trump's hand and by
way Trump I love that message and if
that was his argument then why has he
repeatedly said this year and ordered
his press you to say that he would
absolutely not pardon because nobody's
Above the Law knowing what he clearly
believes about what he thinks is the
pitalization of the justi right what has
changed between today and the nothing's
changed exactly except that he has he
torched his legacy Biden with this um
you know Biden if if you go back 50
years because he's been in Washington
for 50 years he never really had that
much of a reputation for telling the
truth in the first place if anybody
remembers him in my country from the 80s
it would be for plagiarizing speeches
and so forth and he's a failed
presidential candidate several times
over so I'm not sure how much Legacy he
had in the first place I think he will
go down in history as a Democrat hero
for one reason and one reason only and
that is he beat Donald Trump in 2020 and
that was enough for them you didn't
think Trump would win again um no this
year you said to to NBC News in July I
think he's the Republican most likely to
lose in the general election of alling
candidates if I go back to 2022 I didn't
think he had a cat in Hell's chance it's
it's an astounding comeback it really is
no I listen I was I was against him
running in the primary because I thought
he would lose um keep in mind when he
announced his primary November I think
of 2022 our Fox News broke away from the
speech at Mar Lago because it was so
flat there was so there were what eight
or 10 Republicans who thought they could
beat him and I thought he was uniquely
positioned to be the weakest candidate
that we have he then got a gift piers
and when the history books are written
I'll look back at whether or not Alvin
Bragg has identified totally agree as
the person most singly responsible
donal's rection because the charges
against him the criminal charges were so
weak it not only made people sympathetic
to him it took it took the argument
Nikki Haley had to come to his defense
Ronda Sanz had to come to his defense
and his message was very powerful this
is the message you and I both know
enough about the business to know you
have to be able to do it in short order
and this is his message look at what
they're doing to me yes I'm rich I'm
famous I'm white if they can do it to me
imagine what they can do to you vote for
me and I'll make sure that doesn't
happen and he turned that into a
juggernaut I did think would win after
uh after the two after the two um after
the two excuse me lose my train of
thought the two um conventions back when
it was him and Biden I thought he'd
Crush Biden and the debate obviously
where he he destroyed it was it was not
even close so do you think he's changed
you know him well when you watch him do
you think you see a slightly changed guy
a little bit I I thought I thought I saw
a lot of it at the convention the speech
he gave at the convention which was
right after the shooting if you remember
I haven't talked to him I've talked to
members of the family I've talked to
folks in the Inner Circle and um and
they all told me he is changed man and I
believed it as of the convention I think
as the campaign went on he fell back
into a lot of his old sort of his
default settings which is the the the
rally Trump by the way that's he's a
true extrovert he loves doing those R
performer he's a great performer he's a
great showman and he draws energy from
it so it doesn't surprise me he sort of
fell back into some of his some of the
greatest hits as we say is he will he
now use I me I think he probably will
because why wouldn't he will he now use
what Biden's done in pardoning Hunter to
go and pardon a lot of of the January
6th probably yeah I think he's probably
going to do that anyway but I think he's
got to Biden has look's giving him any
excuse he needed right that's exactly
right people were saying oh Trump is
criticizing him I'm like maybe Trump the
Trump team is criticizing Biden for
doing this and being a hypocrite and I
get that but deep down I think they know
I would know if I'm sitting down there
guys they just gave us a huge win on
this because they've they've
acknowledged that the justice system is
politicized and that plays right into
our hands what advice would you give
Trump now he's obviously inauguration
coming up January the 20th you know you
know him well what advice would you give
him blunt advice about because I
detected when I spoke to him that he
feels the hand of Legacy now he hasn't
got to run again he hasn't got a
campaign again what he's got is four
years which he he probably couldn't have
been certain he would have got again I
mean most people didn't give him a
chance he's got unexpected second chance
to reframe his legacy yeah I I really
think this I think you mentioned earlier
the fact he's got this mandate he's he
feeling pretty good and that's right and
he should he did something peers and
this is going to be a longer answer and
I apologize he did something I didn't
think anybody thought a republican could
do he made huge inroads in the
African-American Community huge inroads
in the Hispanic Community I mean just
numbers Republicans haven't seen since
the 1960s and I think he needs to recog
if I'm giving you advice Mr President
recognize that there was a bunch of
people here who have never voted
Republican before they voted for you why
they like you but they also believe that
you are going to fix Washington so yes
taxes are important yes immigration is
important all those things are important
but really the most important thing you
can do in your legacy is is is fix
Washington these people think government
doesn't work for them and it doesn't
what I think Elon Musk and the ram Swami
are going to do might be the most
important point I'm excited about what
they're going to do I am too I don't
think they can do much on their own they
don't have a lot of statutory Authority
I was the last person by the way who was
in charge of government restructuring
and I failed miserably because everybody
was against me the house the Senate even
most of the agencies I remember the
secretary of defense was against the
things the president wanted me to so how
do they get around that uh first of all
Elon Musk is a lot smarter than I am uh
number two they're they're much very
they're much better he's L smaller than
most of us and he's got and he's got a
he's got a bigger footprint and now it's
a movement right when I was doing it I
was doing it because I was looking at a
at at a government that been created in
the 1920s and said we have to fix it
it's not very sexy Piers uh VC and I
think Alan Elon Musk have the ability to
sort of make this a cause celeb to the
point where Ordinary People are going to
Care what's happening when they fix the
gun I heard he's going to do what he did
at his other companies and just call
everybody in and say what did you do
last week yeah but he can't and that's
the difficulty I I ran a federal agency
I ran the cfpb which was one of the
places they want to shut down I wanted
to shut it down and I found out after I
got there of the 1,700 people who work
there I only had the right to fire seven
really by law that's does the president
have the right so the president might
have the right to close the building he
doesn't have the right to fire the
people who does nobody Congress are you
serious Congress Congress would have to
change the law wow yes and that's why I
think what V and Elon are doing are it's
a giant massive PR campaign but it's an
absolutely critical PR campaign they
have to make it so that Congress doesn't
have any choice but to change the rules
because public opinion will be so
heavily on their side here's a great
example I can't remember which agency it
was but the uh it's one of the the big
named agencies just yesterday the
outgoing Administration signed a new
labor agreement saying the people don't
have to come to work after Donald Trump
takes over and that's now in their Union
agreement please allow that to sink in
if you're a federal worker you have
Federal protections against getting
fired and on top of that you have Union
agreements that make it even more
difficult so ridiculous that's what Elon
and verer up against in terms of his his
cabinet pics obviously I mean in many
ways it's the most diverse cabinet we've
ever seen um but it's also by far the
most kind of disruptive collection of
people these are not establishment
people they are the complete antithesis
of that and I'm actually quite excited
to see what non-establishment people do
I've never been that impressed by
establishment people but what do you
think is it is it unrealistic what he's
trying to achieve here with these people
I think there's a bunch of different
things going on yes is it's it's not
unrealistic and I think he does have
some sort of anti-establishment people
who are going to go in and start from a
clean slate a blank piece of paper and
that's absolutely critical but I also
think what you're saying for sea Duffy
he's a friend of mine we are in Congress
together he's now going to head up the
Department of Transportation and folks
like well Sean's a TV guy that's what he
does right and it is what what you're
seeing is Trump in the first term peers
was upset that nobody was out there
selling besides him that nobody was
doing as good a job selling so he looked
his hand over and said you know what
we're going to run policy from the White
House from inside the building but we're
going to put people out in these
agencies who can come on and do this and
talk on television he loves people who
are good on TV and I think they're all
good on TV all good on TV that is that's
that's a record to be there telsey
gabbit or Pete hesketh or me they're all
just the're
telegenic chrisye ome from South because
she's fabulous and you're going to see a
lot more government officials on
television saying here's what we're
doing and here's why and by the way I
think that plays right into that
conversation we had a few minutes ago
about the people wanting to fix
Washington they're going to see yeah
heads of agencies on TV every night
saying this is what we did to do today
to help fix the government so now I can
help you will he get through people like
Pete he's coming under enormous pressure
there's word that at least six
Republican Senators may not support him
it's always tough when stuff like this
drips out and it makes you wonder who
was doing the vetting because they
really should have known about this
before or they might have't just said
they're going to roll the dice with it
anyway uh it's a rule of thumb in
Washington that typically there's one
person who always goes down had one in
the Trump Administration Biden had one
and everybody sort of knows that that
sacrificial lamb what I can't figure out
yet Pierce is whether or not Gates was
that person or not if he wasn't then
somebody else might go down I actually
think Bobby Kennedy's gonna have the
biggest difficulty just because he's not
he's not as ingrained in Trump World as
the rest of them are it was sort of a
marriage of convenience support me in
the election and I'll put you in the
cabinet but he doesn't have the
long-standing relationships like he does
with the other folks where are the media
now post this election because they were
all in all the late night h
the view all these kind of shows we've
got a clip of Steven Co bear actually
attacking you on the L show let's take a
look Nostra dumbass I like that one I
remember that so look he's a comedian
but what my my argument about them is
that they don't give their side the same
treatment and when I talked to Jay Leno
at length um we were talking about
Johnny Carson and how no one knew his
politics he used to just rip into
everybody so did Jay Leno so did lman to
a large degree this new bre late night
host they're so in the tank for the
Democrats I can't watch it the view I
can't watch because all six members of
the panel voted for carela Harris it
what happens to them now what happen to
the mainstream media given that we've
seen Trump in this election using
YouTube and podcasters really to get the
male vote in a much more effective way
than Cara managed to get the female vote
yeah Trump figured out a way to go
around that where does it leave them in
2016 it was in Twitter now it's podcast
and so forth I I'm more what happens to
the country we need a media that does
treat both sides like that it's part of
the check and balance and we don't have
it right now um Obama did some things
that Donald Trump is going to try and go
around the Senate on a couple different
of his couple of his appointments maybe
okay and he's going to be pillar for
that in the Press Obama did the exact
same thing and the Press simply rolled
over and said we love Obama what
difference does it make and the he the
country's Health suffers because of that
now that being said no one watches late
night television they're famous because
they're famous but I I think what
they're learning well number one now is
Greg Gutfeld who's on fault yeah they
don't move the needle I think the people
who are watching them have already
decided what they think and they just
want to be reaffirmed in what they think
and they're not changing anybody's Minds
is there any way back for sort of you
know like the CNN's the msnbc's and the
others whose ratings have all crashed or
are we just seeing a real moment where
Legacy Media is kind of shoved to one
side so I I read a column as well for
the New York Post as you do and I do a
little work for the hill newspaper and
so forth and there was a a major left
leading media that said they were going
to try and get more conservative voices
and I reached out and said look here's
some of the work I do for these agents
and I rote back said thanks very much we
don't have any interest really oh yeah
they're not it's it's all lip service
it's all this faux introspection oh wo
is us we got it wrong we'll do better
next time they can't I was at CBS News
uh first of all I could if we had a
longer conversation I could I could
prove to you that CBS News lies about
Donald Trump because I sat in on one of
the meetings um but I was in the CBS
News uh room just like this on the
election midterms 2022 and whenever a
Democrat announced is winning the whole
the whole the whole group just went the
a they erupted it in a well I to CNN for
four years and I've got a lot of friends
there I mean you could shoot a harpoon
around the CNN building and not hit a
conservative that's exactly right I mean
Scott Jennings is have one of the
all-time great presidential races
because he's taken them all on almost
single-handedly night after night and
he's acced himself extremely well but it
was kind of sometimes painful to watch
how biased CNN were they are not
interested in an unbiased debate right
there's one a plugin for news nation
that I'm doing some work for now that
actually is trying to bring people from
the right and the left to have we do
that on this show do you really I'm not
familiar I don't don't follow the I
bring in I bring in lots of people from
both sides all the time and it's and we
get big numbers way bigger than I used
to watch your CNN that was a good stuff
well in those days I used to try and be
you know impartial because in those days
CNN was told to be I get I get attacked
from the right for criticizing Trump
when I think he does something wrong and
I get attacked from the left when I
applaud Trump when he does something
right I'm like isn't that what we're
supposed to do I did you I did 120
columns about Trump for the Daily Mail
online when he was president that that
four years and when I checked back about
6060 wow positive and negative it was
almost an exact split isn't that what
you want and I said surely that is
actually what every journalist has
strive to be right if your tally is 120
Z or zero you know in other words either
way you're either all in against him or
all in in favor of him that's not
journalism my guess is that panelist
discussion you had on I hate to beat on
this those those folks do not watch any
of the same programs don't get their
information from any of the same sources
they live in their own bubbles they know
what they believe they don't want to be
told anything else and if they heard
anything that might suggest they were
wrong they simply tune it out or as they
did tonight talk over it well we didn't
U thank God for that pleasure to have a
it's great to see you thanks for coming
in I appreciate it